Add Docker image for ROCm and documentation (#4737)
cupy/cupy: docs/source/install_rocm.rst

  $ sudo apt install hipblas hipsparse rocsparse rocrand rocthrust rocsolver rocfft hipcub rocprim rccl

Environment Variables
---------------------

When running CuPy for ROCm, the following environment variables need to be set.

> * ``HCC_AMDGPU_TARGET``: ISA name supported by your GPU.

Reviewer: According to the ongoing discussion https://github.com/cupy/cupy/issues/4719#issuecomment-785981214 it seems we don't have to set `HCC_AMDGPU_TARGET` at runtime.

  Run ``rocminfo`` and use the value displayed in ``Name:`` line (e.g., ``gfx900``).

>   You can specify comma-separated list of ISAs if you have multiple GPUs of different architecture.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  You can specify a comma-separated list of ISAs if you have multiple GPUs of different architectures.
```

* ``ROCM_HOME``: directory containing the ROCm software (e.g., ``/opt/rocm``).

Exmaple:

::

  $ export HCC_AMDGPU_TARGET=gfx900
  $ export ROCM_HOME=/opt/rocm

Docker
------

You can try running CuPy for ROCm using Docker.

::

  $ docker run -it --device=/dev/kfd --device=/dev/dri --group-add video --env HCC_AMDGPU_TARGET=gfx900 cupy/cupy-rocm

.. _install_hip:

Installing Binary Packages
--------------------------

Wheels (precompiled binary packages) are available for Linux (x86_64).

Currently we only offer wheels for ROCm v4.0.x.

::

  $ pip install --pre cupy-rocm-4-0

Building CuPy for ROCm
-----------------------

Currently, you need to build CuPy from source to run on AMD GPU.
To build CuPy from source, set ``CUPY_INSTALL_USE_HIP`` environment variable.

::

  $ export HCC_AMDGPU_TARGET=gfx900  # This value should be changed based on your GPU
  $ export CUPY_INSTALL_USE_HIP=1
  $ pip install cupy

Note that ``HCC_AMDGPU_TARGET`` must be set to the ISA name supported by your GPU.
Run ``rocminfo`` and use the value displayed in ``Name:`` line (e.g., ``gfx900``).

> You may also need to set ``ROCM_HOME`` (e.g., ``ROCM_HOME=/opt/rocm``).

Reviewer: I think we still need to set `ROCM_HOME` for the time being:
https://github.com/cupy/cupy/blob/f4751f1d4d145410e2268609c011fbf894775bc7/install/build.py#L45
